docs(knex): document how to use Knex.js and PGlite together (#291)
electric-sql/pglite: docs/docs/orm-support.md

> # ORM/Query Builder Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ORM & Query Builder Support
```

> The following ORM/Query Builder frameworks are known to work properly with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following ORMs and Query Builders are known to work properly with
```

await db.select().from(...);
```

See the [Drizzle documentation](https://orm.drizzle.team/docs/get-started-postgresql#pglite)
for more details.

## Knex.js

[Knex](https://knexjs.org/) is a stable, reliable Query Builder for various
database engines. Key features include:

- Query builder
- Schema builder
- Raw queries
- Database migration tool

> To use Knex.js with PGlite, add the following dependencies to your project:

Reviewer: Could you add a note that the `knex-pglite` package is unofficial (not affiliated with knex)
